
=head1 NAME

WebService::ATND - ATND API Wrapper Class

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WebService::ATND;

  my $atnd = WebService::ATND->new;
  ### or ###
  my $atnd = WebService::ATND->new( encoding => 'utf8' ); 
  
  ### Fetch event infomation
  $atnd->fetch( 'event', keyword => 'perl' );
  
  ### Print each event name
  print $_->title."\n" while $atnd->next;
  
  ### Fetch users who joins to event
  $atnd->fetch( 'event/users', event_id => 10201 );

  ### Print each users who joins to event
  my $event = $atnd->next;
  $_->nickname."\n" for @{ $event->users };

=head1 NOTE!!!!

THIS IS ALPHA QUALITY CODE!

If you found bug, please report by e-mail or twitter(@ytnobody).

This module inherits LWP::UserAgent.

=head1 INSTALL

  $ git clone git://github.com/ytnobody/WebService-ATND.git
  $ cpanm ./WebService-ATND

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new( %params ) 

Create an instance of WebService::ATND.

%params are options of LWP::UserAgent. And, following are appended. 

- encoding : Specifier of output-data encoding ( eg. utf8, shiftjis ... )

These option is not required.

=head2 fetch( $api_path, %params )

Send a http-request to ATND-API. Instance stores events-data that contained into response.

$api_path is a path for API. Currently, it becomes to 'events' or 'event/users'.

%params is query parameters for extracting data from API.

=head2 next / prev

Get stored data from instance;

=head2 iter

=head2 events

=head1 AUTHOR

ytnobody E<lt>ytnobody@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

Hash::ToObject

http://api.atnd.org/

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
